hi guys welcome back to Linda's pantry
so excited tuesday a couple years ago I
did this for you and I'm just bringing
you along for a refresher version of
this because I've got a lot of new
subscribers since then and a lot of you
may or may not know this this is the
easiest way to break down a watermelon
big or small like this one is pretty
small I'm trying out the first
watermelon of the year so what I do is I
go ahead and carefully because they're
awkward cut off the end and about my
trash right there my compost trash i
should say you're going to cut the other
end off as well and look good already so
we have now a seat up for this to sit on
and it's going to sit without it moving
around and I just literally start
cutting off the Rhine and it just makes
this so much easier to break this down I
love watermelon and I used to hate
having to do this it just was like I
didn't care for it so any white pith
you're going to go ahead and get that
all dead soon as I get this all this
Rhine off i'll show you wearing so now
that our watermelon is all stripped of
its rind then you can start cutting and
just decide how big you would like your
pieces to be and i just take some slices
about an inch inch and a quarter and
take those get them ready and then
you're going to go ahead
kind of it and that's how easy this is
in a matter of three or four minutes you
can have your whole watermelon cubed up
ready to put in the refrigerator to get
nice and cold for whatever you've got
planned for it and I'm going to make a
beautiful watermelon salad let's taste
this and see how it is hmm it's really
good it's not perfect but it's very good
for the first of this season so I'm
going to get the rest of this dump and
i'll show you the end result show you
how much we get out of the little water
but so this is how much we got out of
that watermelon and it literally took
less than five minutes to break it down
and it's going to go I'm going to cover
it we're going to put it in the
refrigerator until I'm ready to put my
salad together and so I hope it inspires
you to come back for my next kitchen tip
Tuesday I may or may not be doing these
every week but I definitely have what
you think wednesday for tomorrow so i
can't wait to see you next time i hope
if you're not a subscriber you hit
subscribe and go share this on your
facebook page go join up on mine I've
got a link in the description box below
along with a couple other links in you
can do some shopping and/or
you